Note about support for connecting truecharts and ix apps (#55)
truecharts/pub: website/manual/Quick-Start Guides/06-linking-apps.md

##### Additional Documentation

Note that whilst these domain names should work between any containers on the internal kubernetes network the truecharts team only supports connections between our own apps. 

> If you connect an iXsystems official app to a truecharts app and need support you should seek it from iXsystems in [official-ix-apps discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/830763548678291466/879640262362669076).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to connect an iXsystems official app to a truecharts app and have issues, please do not file support tickets with our staff. Instead use the [official-ix-apps discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/830763548678291466/879640262362669076)
```
